Improve documentation of URL formats for `pulumi login` (#4059)
pulumi/pulumi: CHANGELOG.md

=========

## HEAD (Unreleased)

> - Fix API URL to use with pulumi login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve documentation of URL formats for `pulumi login`
```

Author: Done
